Offending trouble in Yuncheng
It's really up to you whether you live or die
Come on, drag this trash down for me
Break limbs
Throw it around the house with the dog
Who would dare me?
gangster
Huo Shoufu still has brother Lu?
Ouch Huo richest man
Lord Zhou Longwang
You two attend in person
My father benefited
And let my Liu family shine
Hey, Master Huo
Xiao Xu, my marketing department Xiao Xu
You bunch of sisters?
I haven't cleaned up too much when I saw two big shots
You two, this bunch of trash is not dead
You say
I'll send someone to break all their legs
Then kick out
Garbage hehe
I advise you to be trash
Oh, Master Huo, you hit the wrong person, right?
Where is the person who is disrespectful to you?
Something you should be proud of.
I have to tell you today
Why is it not easy to do?
Otherwise, listen to what you just said
I can pull out your tongue
Humph
Oh, I see.
It must be Xiao Shen's trash
Did not salute the two adults
That's why the two adults are so annoyed
It's good this time
Later, the two big shots will personally clean him up.
I see how arrogant he is
Thank you. Thank you.
Gift delivered